The absolute nature, there is no difference between Mahayana teaching and Vaidhyana teaching and
the Dzogki teaching.
It's all the same. There's no difference.
So therefore, again, same thing in the Dzogki teaching, same thing, same thing.
In the Dzogki teaching what? We'll say, all is in the wisdom status, in the Dharma Kaya status, Sam
bo Kaya status.
And then Vaidhyana teaching, all these five highlights are like five Buddhas, five Buddhas.
And then also these five within the poem, all elements are there, four elements are within the poem
.
Poem, so five pure Buddhas are there too, all these.
In the same way, so with that understanding, now Chariputara, all Dharma, empty, empty.
Again, great master or great bodhisattva, Avaloktahara, or the greatest teacher, Buddha, re-emphas
izing of these.
All phenomena is empty. Same way as I explained of the five Avaloktas, same way, how they are.
All these following ten protonatophics, so not ten, eight protonatophics, those are for example.
Emptiness is one, no character is one, and unborn is one, neither imperial nor imp...
So from this, from emptiness to this, no increasing, increasing, up to that is known as five
explaining of the quality of the great emptiness, of great nature.
That at the point of the protonas, at the point of the protonas, all is explaining, pointing out
teaching of the great emptiness of nature, exactly natures.
So all phenomena is also empty. Empty, up there, that already went.
And therefore, there is no characteristics, nothing. Characteristics is again easy, that means no
characteristics of the inner emptiness.
There is nothing characteristics, no characteristics.
Characteristics is one, generally in the village level, each has characteristics.
What are the characteristics of the fire, the heart and the burning? What are the characteristics
of the water, the moisture and the water?
And what are the characteristics of the earth, sahitoba, and the solid and the best, or the support
of the best?
Those are the characteristics of each of the every head.
But in the emptiness, there is no characteristics, no characteristics.
Any emptiness also there is no bone, what's called here, no, there are no, there are unknowns,
unknowns.
Because since everything is an emptiness, what is birth? What is birth?
This is not just also making rules and everything is empty.
The reality level, if we look carefully on the relative point of view, what is really birth?
Birth, there is no single entity at the birth that produces the birth.
When we see the birth, it has so many combinations of the sport.
Sport, so it is the birth of the illusions, not the birth of the solid and the best.
It's illusion, all the supporters, each of those supporters are illusions, each of those supporters
are not existence.
And for those reasons, the greatest teachers are repeated, what are repeated in the teaching set.
And also one of the teaching, Mahayana Suttara, known as Luhiyayapur, a Madhya humanist, king of N
aga, known as Madhya Padma.
He records the teaching and that Suttara is named after the Naga king, Madhya Padma.
So Madhya Padma, Suttara, that which is caused by Madhya Padma.
In that, Suttara says, one said, things which is developed through the conditions is not the solid
birth.
Solid birth.
So the abdication birth, that birth, is true.
Ab is born, birth that means is all illusion birth, which is in the Buddha's teaching name as inter
dependent coordination.
It's supported so many objects that come together.
Each of those entities are all illusions, all disciplines.
And even the cause itself has so many things, what we call cause.
It cannot be developed alone.
It's all illusion birth.
When the earth, the cause, and again seeds are like, how they are connected.
If you look carefully, according to the teaching, there is not really any, we can see solid answer.
The connection of the birth, its cause and its seeds is all magic, like illusion display, that
thing.
It's the same as our mind, how our mind is coming out from that emptiness.
Emptiness, if we look carefully, it's just so mystery.
There is nothing that we can explain.
Solid, that is reality as of this nature, all that.
So therefore it's unbound.
Since it's unbound, there is then unseasoned.
Unseasoned.
Unseasoned, what is season?
Let me see.
So, emptiness has no birth and no seasons.
And then, since this is unbound, there is nothing to impure.
Nothing is impure.
And since there is nothing impure, there is nothing to be purified, nor preformed purified.
And also, this is never born or never unseasoned.
There is nothing increased or nothing decreased.
That is the absolute nature as it is.
As it is.
This is how it's called preformed topics of the explaining of the meaning of the absolute nature,
or the great emptiness, exactly as it is.
This also can be summarized, this whole at-point, as three doors of liberation.
I'm sure you heard, oh, and many of you, I know you heard this.
These three doors are known as the door, the rightful three doors of the liberation.
Because when you realize this nature, it will release us from the boundaries of the dualities.
So it will release us, liberated us.